what time is this good night on behalf of the President of the Republic Jair
bolsonaro and the entire federal government would like to start this pronouncement
sympathizing with all the families who lost their loved ones to
cause of the 19 color pandemic I would also like to thank all the
health professionals who work tirelessly to save the lives of
our citizens thanks to the dimension of the Unified Health System our SUS more
seven million Brazilians are recovered and I would also like to thank the
technicians and our entire health ministry team that has been working hard
so that vaccination is available to the population as soon as possible today
the Ministry of Health is prepared and structured in financial terms
organizational and logistical resources to carry out the national and
operationalizes the vaccination against color
and Brazil already has about 60 million syringes and needles available in the
states and municipalities, that is, the sufficient number to start vaccination of
population in this month of January we also have the guarantee of the organization
Pan American Health Organization that we will receive But 8 million syringes and needles in
February, in addition to another 30 million already requested by the Association of
eyelash producers we now have 354 million doses of vaccines insured
for 2021 with 254 million doses by Fiocruz in partnership with the
genetically modified in addition to 100 million doses by Butantã in partnership with innovasc
we are in the process of negotiation with the janssen galleys of russia laboratories
modern faye from the United States and bar and here from India important to emphasize the
what it does is that it has already made its vaccines available in several countries even in
very small quantities that the Ministry of Health is working with
the company representatives to resolve the impositions that they do not find
Supported by Brazilian legislation, among them the total and permanent exemption of
Civil liability for side effects arising from vaccination
transfer of the forum for judgments of possible lawsuits out of the
Brazil and permanent availability of Brazilian assets abroad for the
creation of a shorts fund to fund possible lawsuits that hours and hours
gentlemen, Brazil is the only country in Latin America that has three Laboratories
to produce vaccines, that is, we will also be vaccine exporters for our
region very soon this evening the President of the Republic signed
and for publication a Provisional Measure dealing with exceptional measures for
acquisition of vaccines, inputs, goods and logistics services until acquisition of
services in the areas of information technology and advertising the standard also
provides for coordination by the Ministry of Health of the execution of the National Health
operationalization of color vaccination 2019 professional training
that vaccinated the population contracting vaccines and supplies destined to
vaccination against curve 19 before health registration or authorization
temporary use of emergency by Anvisa ensure that all states and
municipalities will receive the vaccine at the same time, equally and proportional to the
its population and on what depends on the Ministry of Health
of the President of the Republic the vaccine will be free and not mandatory Brazil
immunized we are one nation Thank you so much beloved country Brazil
[Song]